https://codepen.io/charlenejohnson/pen/VwLexKN    

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	Semantic HTML gives meaning to your content. It helps makes websites readable by developers.
 
    2. What is HTML used for?
	 It is  used  to display webpages graphically

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute provides additonal information about elements. We put it after an element

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 tag is a heading type tag. It is mostly used to create titles. The h1 tag is the most important title on the page, which means it is 	mostly used for the title of the page. It's best to have only one h1 tag, then use h2-h6 for other titles or sections.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img, and a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The title of the page contains title, and links pertaining to styles

    7. What is an id?
 	It is an attribute that you add to elements. It is used in specific situations where a class would not help

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	It can be used on any HTML element.
 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	You can only use the same id once on a page

    10. What is a class? 
	A class is an attribute that specifies  a class name for an HTML element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	It can be used on any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	There is no limit on the amount of times you can use class on a page 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	Create an attribute called target="blank" to the anchor tag
		example: <a href="https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Wooloo_(Pok%C3%A9mon)" target="blank">Wooloo Page!

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
	 It provides alternative information for an image if a user can't view it, such as use with a screen reader.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	#id's name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section gives semantic meaning, whatever inside a section is grouped together. A div has no meaning. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	It styles the sheet, adding more formatting options and colors.
	
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	To select an h2 on every page we write h2 {
						}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	The differences between class and id is you can only use an id selector once, but you can use class many different times. An id is also more specific.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
	.human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	A parent child selector allows for greater specificity. When you change a parent, all children will change, but once you change the child, anything below will keep changing until you specified them. This is very useful to make things more specific. 
 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div .sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A psuedo selector selects elements that are in a specific state. An example is :hover.
	
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	  border: dotted 1px black
	
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	*
 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*  */
	
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	pwd
	 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm, and you have to be careful because you are not given a prompt with being sure if you want to delete it. It also does not go into the 	trash or recycle bin so there is no recovering that file.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	It helps with organization. It allows you to have different versions on what you are working on just in case you need to go back

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	There is no limit, but you shoud commit whenever you make a change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push origin branch name (charlene-johnson)

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	We fork the project repo, we add our TLs as collaborator within the github repo settings. Clone our forked copy of the repo. Go to our terminal and add the cloned link. Go to our cloned repo and create a new branch with our firstname and last name by doing git checkout -b firstname-lastname. Open our project repo with VS code. The once we are finished, we save on vscode and then add again, commit and push. We go back to github and click the compare and pull request button or select new pull request. Choose our forked repo as the base repository, add our TLs as a review and click pull request then head back to your project and keep working. Once you finish a feature add > commit> push origin firstname-lastname and once finished make a commit message that says mpv complete.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
